1. After the first week, I already notice that my eyes bags were lightly smaller.It’s been some months since my first time use this product but I feel like have to come back here to share my own experience to you guys. 
   I never thought this roller could be so helpful and now it rescuing my face.

2.I was hesitant that this would actually work. I mean just a stone could take away my frown lines and wrinkles? OMG , after 1 use ( 15 minutes ) , I woke up the next day and couldn't believe my eyes ! This thing is freaking awesome! 

3. Look I'm almost 60, and thought I had to end up purchasing something really expensive to help with the crows feet and wrinkles, but this is doing the trick ! And it feels awesome on my face! Highly recommended this product!

4.Really happy with this product..! Place the jade roller in the freezer before using and it feels lovely on the skin..! Already noticing a difference after a few uses..! My gua sha broke and the seller was very accommodating in replacing a completely new pack including both the gua sha and jade roller..! Quick response and excellent customer service..! Will definitely buy again in the near future..! Highly recommend (=

5.I bought the jade roller set and have been using them for the past week now, and within that short time alone have already noticed a difference in my skin. It looks plumper, fuller and it's even been helping with my fine lines and double chin! 

6.The set is perfect as it is, but I love to pop it in the freezer to give it that extra something, and honestly rolling it first thing in the morning over my skin is wonderful and really helps to wake me up and get my skin alive with me. Would definitely recommend!!

7.Great jade roller! I am late in uploading my review as I wanted to truly give it a go before writing something! Overall the jade roller has been great, I haven’t been using it that consistently for results to show but definitely can say the roller is good quality & does the job! :)

8.Really fast delivery, excited to start using this. First use was relaxing, it's so cool on your face and soothing. Looking forward to seeing more wonderful results!